today is the day dedicated to
jeans by dislodging and agouazi from a
obviously I believe that all of
my colleagues in the horse press have
decided by mutual agreement practically
without consulting two last winners
ourasi know you the good news
ourasi finally urinary and you know
very well that their urine asine relief
during a race
he was always beaten at 20 saturday
do not have I think it's not already
badly huh a game wii it's life for
me it's better
it's a relief I hope that
now everything is going to be fine
pinault
it was the most beautiful this one when we
wins the america prize it's good i
have already won them twice before
but finally today he won
today for us it was
about 2 world especially for my
brother my for his horse he loved
as long as it ends up like that it's very
nice choice